Fix setting a role with non-existing controller or action (#1535)
kuzzleio/kuzzle: doc/2/api/controllers/security/update-role/index.md

- `refresh`: if set to `wait_for`, Kuzzle will not respond until the role changes are indexed (default: `"wait_for"`)

> - `force`: if set to `true`, Kuzzle will force the creation of a role even if it contains invalid plugin API rights. However, even if you use this option, you can't set invalid rights about the native API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `force`: if set to `true`, updates the role even if it gives access to non-existent plugins API routes.
```
